What!
The Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet actually lit up
This ragged bumpkin
Passed the level
It was an epiphany
I can do it too
The second epiphany counts.
Triple Aura
Could it be that this finger's talent is the same as Zhao Linfeng's?
And that's not all.
You see, the phantom of the ancient celestial power has not dissipated yet
Business rush
My ex-husband is just like me
Hahaha Elder Chen
It seems that you have no medicine
It's a free gift.
You already have an apprentice, Zhao Lingfeng
Then this Ye Wuji
You can't keep robbing me, can you?
What are you so proud of?
Since I have Zhao Linfeng
Naturally, I won't snatch Ye Wuji from you
They're both great people.
What's the difference?
Five Aura
Hahahaha
Elder Chen
Thank you for giving me such a good apprentice
It seems that this is within ten years
Wu Zong's most talented apprentice
This night Wuji's talent is so terrifying
My eyes are right
Five Aura
This guy is ugly
Talent is so dispatched
Please ask the outer elders if they want to worship directly into the inner gate
What are the conditions?